is it possible that some companies have
become bigger than government's
corporatism the merger of corporations
and the state is the new model an
indistinguishable line between the two
generally fluid and inconsistent the
world you think you know is simply a
mirage welcome to the new world you came
here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you I am your
host George Soros and today we are going
to talk about Apple that's right let's
get into it if Apple were a foreign
country CEO Tim Cook might have
considerable political clout in the
United States they owned a whopping 52
point six billion dollars in US Treasury
securities that is absolutely massive so
I'll get into how big that really is in
a moment we're talking about one of the
top 25 major foreign holders and that's
not a country we are talking about
companies that puts them ahead of Israel
Mexico and the Netherlands I'll show you
the more details on that this
information is public this isn't some
sort of Yeti and Sasquatch UFO sighting
this is part of the Treasury Department
statistics this is part of the SEC
filings you can see those for yourself
everything that these companies own you
can see those so Apple stake had
increased from 40 billion last year
continues to increase their cash
reserves are simply growing growing and
growing they've got a lot of money right
now even though they hired a hundred
thousand engineers to work on project
Titan with no results whatsoever and yet
they're just burning through the money
and it's not a problem for them so let's
get further into it what I wanted to
talk about here now this is talking
about Europe but just stay with me for a
moment the European Commission finding
that Ireland must collect as much as an
attend
getting 13 billion euros in back taxes
from Apple contained a second stunning
number and that is 0.005 percent so what
is that the effective corporate tax rate
that Apple paid in its profits in 2014
so if you earn 1 million you'd have to
pay 50 bucks 50 dollars in tax on 1
million dollars that would be great
you wouldn't have too many people
complaining about the extortion if
you're only paying $50 for that million
but guess what you and I we pay a lot
higher than that we pay a lot higher
than that but if you are one of the big
corporations you're going to have every
loophole in the world I'm not talking
about the small business who get some
loopholes for sure we're talking about
the big businesses and they pay little
to no tax maybe it wasn't 0.005% maybe
it was higher maybe it was 2% maybe it
was 5% maybe 10% doesn't matter they pay
a significantly lower rate they make
more profits they have every loophole in
the world they are able to do whatever
they want whenever they want they get
the bailouts and we get that's right the
short end of the stick so I'll move on I
just want to show you that all right
let's look at this these are apples
Holdings corporate securities 150
billion Treasuries 50 billion mortgage
ass and asset back check this out
they own 20 million of the garbage that
was part of the financial crisis 20
billion worth that is absolutely massive
sure 20 billion when you think about the
grand scheme of things how much money is
out there but 20 billion dollars for one
single company to own that's very
significant and they own much more there
we're talking about two hundred sixty 1
billion dollars two hundred sixty 1
billion one single company
and then we look at this apples total
cash and investments doesn't surprise me
that since the financial crisis this has
been rising and rising and rising Apple
has seen a massive influx of cash to its
doorstep and one of the biggest
supporters of Apple is the Swiss
National Bank the Switzerland central
bank has been purchasing large amounts
of Apple stock
they've been purchasing other companies
as well now think about this for a
moment it's something I was pondering
you had the Swiss National Bank and
other central banks around the world
printing up large sums of money then
they buy up the corporate debt or they
buy into the shares directly let's just
say soy sauce National Bank is buying
Apple shares all right Apple then turns
around and buys us debt so in effect the
Swiss National Bank has been bailing out
the US government now that's strange
it's strange to think about it like that
I mean they do so directly anyway but
sort of that indirect way to do so and
then we have apples investments going on
we have the other way around where the
US is able to give the loopholes there
all working together
I see the corporations and the
government's despite the fact that you
see borders the globalists they don't
they do not see those borders now
worries me
Apple Treasury holding short and long
term you can see that they're not too
much to say about that Apple corporate
security holdings look it's been
increasing consistently and we have a
simple matter of fact first of all
I don't want to get into the price Apple
stock let's just let me just say it
Apple stock may continue to increase
month after month after month that may
happen I'm not denying that I am talking
about corporatism the merger of the
corporations and the state and the fact
that they have control over every single
facet of our lives and we are funding
the system we choose to opt into it
especially those who put the cash in
their pockets you do what you want I
won't say a single thing I just feel
that we are giving in to these corporate
fascist
totalitarian systems whatever you want
to call them and then in the end look at
Venezuela look at historically all these
different countries look at the u.s.
right now you have an army literally of
people willing to crush the skulls of
the others if they are told to do so all
at the request of the elite that's what
this is all about
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up and if you
found the videos informative I know
you're find my books even more
informative you can check those out at
Amazon links are in the description
below
take care